Song Currently Stuck In My Head: Fame!
Published on February 12, 2007.
So it’s partly due to Karaoke Revolution Party having the song, and one of my friends’ 80s pictures, but I totally have the song Fame stuck in my head now.
During Christmas time, I got the aforementioned Karaoke Revolution game.
My sister did pretty well singing it; I’m a little too young to remember the actual show.
I did try it later on though.
It’s pretty darn catchy and soulful.
Which means I’m pretty bad at singing it.
I guess I just need some practice.
Here’s the lyrics in case you found this page searching for them:
Baby look at me And tell me what you see You ain’t seen the best of me yet Give me time I’ll make you forget the rest I got more in me And you can set it free I can catch the moon in my hands Don’t you know who I am?
Remember my name (Chorus) Fame I’m gonna live forever I’m gonna learn how to fly High I feel it coming together People will see me and cry Fame I’m gonna make it to heaven Light up the sky like a flame Fame I’m gonna live forever Baby remember my name Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Baby hold me tight Cause you can make it right You can shoot me straight to the top Give me love and take all I’ve got to give Baby I’ll be tough Too much is not enough I’ll grab your heart til it breaks Ooo I got what it takes (Chorus again, like a few times)
Sometimes the lyric is listed as “People will see me and die,” but that sounds kind of wrong to me.
Like can someone be so famous that it causes death?
I hope not.